README.md, before:

# VolumeChangerArduino
**Summary:** Designed for changing computer volume with potentiometer.
## **How do you setup?**
&emsp;**1)** Make your Arduino connections as I show in the [pictures](#arduino).<br>
&emsp;**2)** If you use different analog input don't forget to change Arduino code.<br>
&emsp;**3)** In python import the project (also you can use the program with running VolumeChangerArduino.py but this is not recommended):
```python 
from VolumeChangerArduino import VolumeChangerArduino
```
&emsp;**4)** Assign the class object to your variable:<br>
```python
yourVariable = VolumeChangerArduino(port, baudrate, sleeptime)
```
>`port`: *Arduino port as string. (port="COM6")*<br>
>`baudrate`: *Arduino baudrate as int. (baudrate=115200)*<br>
>`sleeptime`: *Waiting time before passing next loop to get serial input in seconds as int. (sleeptime=0.001)*<br>

&emsp;**5)** Run the app:<br>
```python
yourVariable.run()
```

## **Images**
<h3 id="arduino">&emsp;<b>Arduino Circuit</b></h3>
<p align="center"><kbd>1kOhm</kbd> <i>constant resistor used</i> <b>|</b> <kbd>100kOhm</kbd> <i>potentiometer used.</i></p>
<p align="center"><img src="/images/circuit.png" width=60% height=auto><br></p>
<h3 id="COM">&emsp;<b>Finding Arduino Port</b></h3>
<p align="center">&emsp;In <kbd>Device Manager</kbd> go to <kbd>Ports (COM & LPT)</kbd> then find your Arduino port.</p>
<p align="center"><img src="/images/port1.png" width=33% height=auto><br></p>
<p align="center"><img src="/images/port2.png" width=33% height=auto><br></p>
<p align="center"><img src="/images/port3.png" width=33% height=auto><br></p>
<h3>&emsp;<b>Why are there too much function created with curve_fit?</b></h3>
<p>&emsp;Because if single function used, it's error rises too much as shown in the picture.</p>
<p align="center"><img src="/images/setup_graph.png" width=60% height=auto></p>

Commit message:

widget added
widget added and readme updated

README.md, after:

# VolumeChangerArduino
**Summary:** Designed for changing computer volume with potentiometer.
## **How do you setup?**
&emsp;**1)** Make your Arduino connections as I show in the [pictures](#arduino).<br>
&emsp;**2)** If you use different analog input don't forget to change Arduino code.<br>
&emsp;**3)** In python import the project (also you can use the program with running VolumeChangerArduino.py but this is not recommended):
```python 
from VolumeChangerArduino import VolumeChangerArduino
```
&emsp;**4)** Assign the class object to your variable:<br>
```python
yourVariable = VolumeChangerArduino(port, baudrate, sleeptime)
```
>`port`: *Arduino port as string. (port="COM6")*<br>
>`baudrate`: *Arduino baudrate as int. (baudrate=115200)*<br>
>`sleeptime`: *Waiting time before passing next loop to get serial input in seconds as int. (sleeptime=0.001)*<br>

&emsp;**5)** Run the app:<br>
```python
yourVariable.run()
```

## **Special Methods**
### &emsp;**Show the Volume in Widget (.useWidget)**
```python
yourVariable.useWidget(widget_latency=10, position="brb", taskbar_thick=0.03, size=0.08, transparency=1, margin=0)
```
>`widget_latency`: *Widget refresh rate in ms. (widget_latency=10)*<br>
>`position`: *Which side of your screen? (position="brb")*<br>
>>*1st char for b:bottom, t:top;*<br>
>>*2nd char for r:right, l:left;*<br>
>>*3rd char for where is your taskbar? b:bottom, t:top, l:left, r:right.*<br>

>`taskbar_thick`: *Ratio of taskbar to resolution. This value should be: (taskbar_thick=0.03)*<br>
>>*If your taskbar at left or right: taskbar_thick = (taskbar width)/(width of desktop resoulution)*<br>
>>*If your taskbar at bottom or top: taskbar_thick = (taskbar height)/(height of desktop resoulution)*<br>

>`size`: *Widget size. Source code: (size=0.08)*<br>
```python
    if size <= 1:
        fontsize = math.floor(height_of_desktop_resoulution*size)
    else:
        fontsize = math.floor(size)
```

>`transparency`: *Widget transparency. (transparency=1)*<br>
>>*transparency must be between 0 and 1.*<br>

>`margin`: *Screen edge-widget margin in pixel. (margin=0)*<br>
## **Images**
<h3 id="arduino">&emsp;<b>Arduino Circuit</b></h3>
<p align="center"><kbd>1kOhm</kbd> <i>constant resistor used</i> <b>|</b> <kbd>100kOhm</kbd> <i>potentiometer used.</i></p>
<p align="center"><img src="/images/circuit.png" width=60% height=auto><br></p>
<h3 id="COM">&emsp;<b>Finding Arduino Port</b></h3>
<p align="center">&emsp;In <kbd>Device Manager</kbd> go to <kbd>Ports (COM & LPT)</kbd> then find your Arduino port.</p>
<p align="center"><img src="/images/port1.png" width=33% height=auto><br></p>
<p align="center"><img src="/images/port2.png" width=33% height=auto><br></p>
<p align="center"><img src="/images/port3.png" width=33% height=auto><br></p>
<h3>&emsp;<b>Why are there too much function created with curve_fit?</b></h3>
<p>&emsp;Because if single function used, it's error rises too much as shown in the picture.</p>
<p align="center"><img src="/images/setup_graph.png" width=60% height=auto></p>
